DEVELOPMENT.md, before:

# Development

## Getting started

First of, you need a working Rust toolchain using [rustup](https://rustup.rs/).

> **Note**
> This is due to the `wasm32-unknown-unknown` target being not a default one [yet]
> and needs to be downloaded separatly. Rustup will take care of that automatically.

To generate the WASM code and it's corresponding JavaScript/TypeScript bindings,
the [`wasm-pack`](https://rustwasm.github.io/wasm-pack/installer/) tool it needed.

> **Note**
> If you already have a working Rust toolchain installed, you can also just type
> `cargo install wasm-pack` to install it from source directly.)

Then, simply type 
```sh
wasm-pack build --target nodejs
```
in the project directory to build.

## Unit tests

To run all the unit tests, simply run
```sh
cargo test
```

To run the unit tests marked with `#[ignore]`
```sh
cargo test -- --ignored
```

#### Optional tools

It is desired to also install the `wasm-opt` tool from the
[`binaryen`](https://github.com/WebAssembly/binaryen) project,
which `wasm-pack` will then automatically use to optimize the produced WASM code.

Commit message:

docs: Add information on how to run coverage tests
From: Max Hofer <mh182@chello.at>
Signed-off-by: Christoph Heiss <christoph.heiss@cybertec.at>

DEVELOPMENT.md, after:

# Development

## Getting started

First of, you need a working Rust toolchain using [rustup](https://rustup.rs/).

> **Note**
> This is due to the `wasm32-unknown-unknown` target being not a default one [yet]
> and needs to be downloaded separatly. Rustup will take care of that automatically.

To generate the WASM code and it's corresponding JavaScript/TypeScript bindings,
the [`wasm-pack`](https://rustwasm.github.io/wasm-pack/installer/) tool it needed.

> **Note**
> If you already have a working Rust toolchain installed, you can also just type
> `cargo install wasm-pack` to install it from source directly.)

Then, simply type 
```sh
wasm-pack build --target nodejs
```
in the project directory to build.

## Unit tests

To run all the unit tests, simply run
```sh
cargo test
```

To run the unit tests marked with `#[ignore]`
```sh
cargo test -- --ignored
```

To run the coverage test
```sh
cargo test -F coverage-tests
```

#### Optional tools

It is desired to also install the `wasm-opt` tool from the
[`binaryen`](https://github.com/WebAssembly/binaryen) project,
which `wasm-pack` will then automatically use to optimize the produced WASM code.
